quinoa and mixed vegetable puller hello
and welcome to Sanjeev Kapoor Khazana my
name is I and let's prepare a healthy
recipe from quinoa the name of the
recipe is quinoa and mixed vegetable
pulao let's quickly go ahead and look at
the ingredients soaked quinoa shredded
spinach sliced onions carrots cut into
cubes chopped mushrooms French beans
sweet corn kernels salt cumin seeds red
chilli powder turmeric powder garam
masala powder oil okay let's begin with
the recipe I'm going to heat some oil in
a non-stick pan into this oil let's add
some cumin seeds we'll wait till the
cumin seeds start to change the color
the cumin seeds are now nice and
golden-brown and they're fragrant let's
add the sliced onions and saute the
onion till it goes light brown in color
the onions are now sorted to light
golden brown color let's add the
vegetables and the carrots
French means they all are raw vegetables
not blanch them sweet corn kernels and
some mushrooms
add salt
and saute the vegetables for two to
three minutes on high heat so all the
vegetables are now nicely sorted let us
add the quinoa
mix well
add the spices red chili powder turmeric
powder
anger masala mix wet
add the spinach
add water
let this make sure come to a boil as you
can see the mixture has now come to a
boil lower the heat cover and cook till
the quinoa is completely done the pulao
is now done let's serve it on a plate
let's garnish it with some finely
chopped fresh coriander leaves
define mix vegetable pulao is ready it's
a very simple yet healthy recipe no try